Docs: adds uninstall instructions to debian/ubuntu (#70841)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/installation/debian/index.md

1. Depending on which system you are running, click the **Linux** or **ARM** tab on the [download page](/grafana/download).
1. Copy and paste the code from the [download page](/grafana/download) into your command line and run.

## Uninstall on Debian or Ubuntu

Complete any of the following steps to uninstall Grafana.

> To uninstall Grafana, run any of the following commands in a terminal window:
> 
> 1. To uninstall Grafana OSS with systemd:
> 
>    ```bash
>    sudo systemctl stop grafana-server
>    sudo apt-get remove grafana
>    ```
> 
> 1. To uninstall Grafana OSS with init.d:
> 
>    ```bash
>    sudo service grafana-server stop
>    sudo apt-get remove grafana
>    ```
> 
> 1. To uninstall Grafana Enterprise with systemd:
> 
>    ```bash
>    sudo systemctl stop grafana-server
>    sudo apt-get remove grafana-entrerprise
>    ```
> 
> 1. To uninstall Grafana Enterprise with init.d:
> 
>    ```bash
>    sudo service grafana-server stop
>    sudo apt-get remove grafana-enterprise
>    ```
> 
> 1. Optional: To remove the Grafana repository:
> 
>    ```bash
>    sudo rm -i /etc/apt/sources.list.d/grafana.list
>    ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To uninstall Grafana, run the following commands in a terminal window:

1. If you configured Grafana to run with systemd, stop the systemd servivce for Grafana server:

   ```shell
   sudo systemctl stop grafana-server
   ```
  
1. If you configured Grafana to run with init.d, stop the init.d service for Grafana server:

   ```shell
   sudo service grafana-server stop
   ```

1. To uninstall Grafana OSS: 

   ```shell
   sudo apt-get remove grafana
   ```

1. To uninstall Grafana Enterprise: 

   ```shell
   sudo apt-get remove grafana-enterprise
   ```

1. Optional: To remove the Grafana repository:

   ```bash
   sudo rm -i /etc/apt/sources.list.d/grafana.list
   ```

````

1. Depending on which system you are running, click the **Linux** or **ARM** tab on the [download page](/grafana/download).
1. Copy and paste the code from the [download page](/grafana/download) into your command line and run.

## Uninstall on Debian or Ubuntu

Complete any of the following steps to uninstall Grafana.

To uninstall Grafana, run any of the following commands in a terminal window:

1. To uninstall Grafana OSS with systemd:

   ```bash
   sudo systemctl stop grafana-server
   sudo apt-get remove grafana
   ```

>    Optionally, you can run:
> 
>    ```bash
>    sudo rm -i /etc/apt/sources.list.d/grafana.list
>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   Optional: Remove the Grafana repository

   ```bash
   sudo rm -i /etc/apt/sources.list.d/grafana.list
   ```
````

Suggest adjusting this step to use the `Optional:` formatting as discussed in the Styleguide roundtable meeting.

Also since this is a common step to all, I'd split this off as a separate step at the end.
